Add final updates (#47)
WayScience/CFReT_data: README.md

![Composite_Figure.png](example_figs/Composite_Figure.png)

## Data

For training a logistic regression classifier, we extracted single-cell morphology profiles from CFs of different patients with the same heart failure type and patients with non-failing hearts.
We label wells from each patient as either "Failing" (failed heart) or "Healthy" (non-failing heart).
There was no treatment or perturbation applied to any of the wells in this plate.

- **localhost231120090001**

![localhost231120090001_platemap_figure.png](./metadata/platemap_figures/localhost231120090001_platemap_figure.png)

---

We utilized a secondary plate to assess the generalizability of the model.
This plate contains two different hearts, one from a non-failing patient and the other from a failing patient.
Wells are labelled as either "Failing" (failing heart) or "Healthy" (non-failing heart).
There are three different treatments:

- DMSO (control)
- drug_x
- TGRFi (TGFB inhibitor)

> We applied the model to this place to assess that the model is able to accurately predict the control cells and how the model predictions change with the treatments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We applied the model to this dataset to evaluate its accuracy in predicting control cells and to observe how its predictions change in response to different treatments.
```

Feel free to reject if my edits generates a different message you're trying to convey.

Author: This work really well, updated!

- **localhost230405150001**

![localhost230405150001_platemap_figure.png](./metadata/platemap_figures/localhost230405150001_platemap_figure.png)

> Additionally, we include pilot plates in this repository that did not used an optimized protocol for extra analysis that we do not include in the manuscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we include pilot plates in this repository that were not prepared using an optimized protocol, intended for further analysis that is not included in the manuscript.
```

Author: I like this change, added!
